Black-Scholes Model Calculator
==============================

This will become a simple calculator using the Black_Scholes model to determine
stock option pricing as of the grant date. Note that this model is not suitable
for options that pay dividends, or are exercisable at any given time. The model
is designed for options that vest after a specific period or on a specific
condition.

Practical Uses of The Calculator
--------------------------------

The Calculator can be utilized to determine the amount of stock option expense
that will be recognized due to a new grant of options. Remember that depending
upon how the options are written will determine when the expense is
recognized. Please inquire with your independant auditor or CPA before making
any adjustments, as it can become a real headache when the options vest and
they have been incorrectly recorded in prior years.

What You Will Need To Use The Calculator
----------------------------------------
* Fair Value of the stock (either from open market, or from an accredited valuation expert)
* The Exercise Price (as denoted on the option grant agreement)
* Risk-Free Interest Rate (normally the 90 US T Bill rate)
* Time to Maturity of Option (in months)
* Volatility (see below)

### Volatility is a bit complicated. If you get options from a publicly traded
company, then it's easy. Just pull them from the financial statement footnotes.
If it's for a privately held company then you'll need to find comparable
publicly traded companies and average a basket of those volatilities to
calc your own. There are a ton of resources on this online. I'll provide links
at the bottom of the Readme.
